And then after that I have a bunch of meetings.
Can you guys wrap all that up?
You can just say you don't want to hang out.
I don't want to hang out.
What the hell?
Who took my kombucha?
I threw that out.
It smelled bad.
Of course it smelled bad.
It's kombucha.
The kombucha you lose.
Rick, can you portal me to school?
No.
Gimme that.
Hey, summer, summer, give it back.
Honey, did you move the car keys?
Oh, never mind.
They were at the bottom.
Well, that is the last time I eat full fat ice cream after midnight.
Um, okay.
Hey!
What are you?
All right, all right, I yield.
Geez, you're fast.
Are you a clown of me?
Did Rick?
Don't tell Rick.
You want me not talking?
Then you better start talking.
Not here.
Come on.
You can buy me lunch.
I'm not buying you lunch.
What if we call it breakfast to-
No!
And you're sure Rick won't spy on us here?
Yeah, he hates them all.
It's kind of why I come here so much.
Or maybe me being here is why he hates it.
I've actually been thinking about getting a job at American Eagle.
Oh, the Eagle Man.
You're gonna eat that?
Really? Thanks.
Hmm.
The road provides.
Okay, the road?
Who are you?
Are you here from the future?
Are you here to kill me?
You think I came from the future to replace a guy who loves the mall?
I'm a traveler from another dimension.
Oh, you stole a portal gun?
What?
No, man, that brings the heat.
I'm more slip through cracks in the multiverse.
Your family's cool, by the way.
My Morty and Summer are five more than yours.
Well, you don't seem like a serial killer.
And I bet I'd know.
But you can't stay here.
No sweat, Eagle Man.
Just give me back your upstairs closet.
Well, that is a weird location.
But just to be clear, if you do try to kill me and take over my life,
I can scream very loud.
And you never get caught doing this?
Jerry's are basically invisible.
It's our superpower.
Nobody sees us.
Jerry, get in here!
Oh, God, I saw you.
Oh, it's all this shit in the freezer.
Go!
I don't want to make him any more suspicious.
Talk to him.
I'll meet you upstairs.
Hey, Rick!
Your frozen dumplings are still in there, Jerry.
There's limited space in there, Jerry.
We all live here together.
Hey, hey, look at me when I'm talking to you.
You catch that episode of Naked and Alone last night?
Hey, between you and me, I think that guy likes to drink the yak piss.
Are you making conversation with me?
Sorry.
I guess I do watch that TV show.
And he does seem excited about the piss.
He does!
Okay, good.
Don't waste my freezer space.
And don't fucking blindside me with small talk.
I think I'm in the clear.
As long as I eat those dumplings.
Are you smelling my shirts?
What?
No.
In a few dimensions, Rick gives Beth a spatially dilated walk-in closet.
Beth is always asking for that.
Yeah, you guys are in the same dimensional neighborhood.
And you can't bend reality as often as Rick without the occasional bingo.
And what does that lead to?
Buddy, a guy like us can hike the whole multiverse without even leaving the house.
You want to see?
Do I want to stick my hand through a wall?
Not really.
It's just one stop over.
Come on.
Quit thinking like a Jerry and live a little.
Jerry, I'm still angry at you for talking to me.
Stop!
You...
You promise you'll get me home?
I promise!
Holy shit!
This is insane!
Pretty mind-blowing, huh?
We try to mark safe trails for each other.
Upside-down coaster means it's cool.
In this reality, all words are blah.
I kind of get what they're saying.
Come on.
Upstairs bathroom.
One at a time.
This is insane.
Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Blah?
Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Holy shit!
She saw me?
I know!
You did great!
That was crazy!
Okay, where to next?
Yes!
Fuck yeah, Eagle Man!
Here, get in.
Infinite mirror tunnel.
Man, so weird and specific.
How do you find these things?
What's the thing about being a Jerry?
You get all day to look.
Get close!
I almost lost a finger doing this.
This is so cold!
Oh, Jesus.
Here, this way.
Whoa.
Mm-hmm.
Without the trail, this family would just be gone.
But the road remembers.
There's so many of us.
Here.
You're one of us now, Eagle Man.
Well, technically it was a piece of your shirt I stuck up there.
You still don't get it, buddy.
We're the same.
Okay, but how much of the road is depressing like this place?
Not that much.
All the way.
I would like to reach out my hand.
Oh, messiah, oh, may I tell you to run?
All the way.
Nobody say, nobody are.
Well, pick me up with golden hand.
Oh, messiah, oh, may I tell you to run?
All the way.
Nobody say, nobody are.
Well.
I would like to hold my love hand.
We will run, we will, we will run, we will.
Jerry.
Hey, man, you see where I put the margarita machine?
The good one.
The science one.
You left it in the shower.
Boy, I might be living a little too anchors up, Jerry.
You want a margarita?
All good.
He has to know that's not you.
Well, if he does, he doesn't care.
All right.
We got to get moving.
There's a killer view two stops over.
You guys want a ceviche to go?
Wow.
And Rick turned the moon into a disco ball for Morty's winter formal?
Beautiful, right?
Honestly, Eagle man, I didn't think he'd come out this far.
Way to prove me wrong.
I mean, I'm not actually from the dimension you found me in.
My whole family jumped together.
And then when the space version of my wife showed up,
I thought she'd hate me and she did.
But then I turned into a bug and we all had sex.
Eagle man, god damn.
I guess it is all pretty cool when I say it out loud.
Thanks for opening my eyes to that.
I'm just you, brother.
Well, how does it sound?
And I did promise to get you home.
Thanks for riding with me.
It's the most fun I've had in a while.
Wait one second.
Oh, hold on.
I'm a little drunk.
If this permission's Jerry was like me,
he'd keep a 12 pack in the bathroom for the occasional shower beer.
Eagle man!
These are...
Yeah.
These are warm.
Oh, shit, shit, shit!
We're cutting it close!
Slow down!
So much liquid in my stomach!
I'm not being contrarian.
I just think it'd be gross to do that to a cat.
Squeamish, Morty.
No, not squeamish.
No, no, no, shit!
We missed the connection?
What does that mean?
It's all good, Jerry. We're fine.
Look, those guys portal into this taco-la-tago every week.
There's a gene we can stay with while we wait.
He's hip to the scene, even has a few cuts in his face.
A week from now?
I can't stay with some gene for a week.
Rick will just replace me.
No, he won't.
They won't even notice you've been gone.
That's not a good thing.
Gah.
There is one way, but...
Get me home!
Okay, but why is it out in the woods?
You want to get home fast, right?
Only way to do that's through Grand Central.
A couple of parallel morties tried to pull a keg out of their bag of holding,
turned it inside out.
Now it's kind of a toll road.
Go!
Hey there, I'm Eagle Man.
Got two coming out at burlap.
Copy that.
So...
were you camping or...
Get in.
Welcome to Grand Central.
It's, uh, not my favorite place.
Who are these bandana guys?
Sometimes your family goes on an adventure and doesn't come back.
The dude that runs this place, he collects jeerries that get left behind.
Come on, boss is ready to see you.
Uh, I hit cool.
Hey boss.
Mooch.
Mooch?
It's my road name.
Who's this?
Meet Eagle Man.
He's cool.
I rescued him from working at the mall.
We're just looking to get on the tundra line.
First her up, I'm afraid.
A Rick patch that won fridge nexus, we've got surge pricing.
Right, no problem.
Whoa, I thought you didn't have a job.
He doesn't.
Get this.
We all use the same ATM pin.
Three, eight, five, two.
That's my ATM pin.
Mm-hmm.
The road provides.
Wait, you steal from other jerry's?
Maybe.
Or maybe poor silly Jerry was just careless with his money.
We would believe him anyway.
Hey, that hark!
Pick this guy up in a sensitive dimension, search him both.
Hey, fuck you, pal.
Jerry, just relax.
Well, this guy sucks.
Seriously, Mooch, where did you pick him up?
You mapping new routes and keeping him to yourself?
Take it all.
We just want to pass through.
You don't want to mess with me, pal.
My Rick could kick your ass.
You little suburbs pussy.
You should need Rick.
Rick should need you.
You just need to find his pressure points.
Ow, ow, ow, ow!
Take these two back to this guy's station and blacklist him both.
All right, all right, jeez.
Hey, get off of me!
Hey, ow!
Ow!
Oh, no, no, no!
They cut us off!
I can still get home, right?
Fuck!
Goddammit!
I told you to play it cool.
This is all I had, man.
The road was my life.
What about my life?
I didn't ask for any of this.
You just showed up at my house.
Okay, okay, here's my bitch.
We get jobs as dock workers, tell them we're twins or something,
save up for three months and move to Spain.
We'll open a dance studio, start small, but eventually...
I'm not doing any of that.
Where even are we?
Morty's high school?
Yeah, this used to be my dimension.
The shed was my way out.
Oh, screw this!
Hey, where are you going?
To our house.
There's got to be an exit somewhere.
That idea, there is no house.
You expect me to trust you?
What was I thinking?
That I'd become some sort of hillbilly road sage,
a cool prospector.
My family loves me and I threw it away for this.
Stupid.
Wait!
I left my dimension because I felt unappreciated
and by the time I found my way back, Beth had remarried.
Oh my God.
Yeah.
This whole time you've been preaching about freedom
and getting out there.
But you're not brave?
You have to live like this.
You're the least cool version of me I've ever met.
You're right, you're right.
I'm a loser.
Let's just do anything other than face my family, please.
Hello?
Oh my God, Jerry!
And there's two of you.
Hi there, Paul Fleishman, CPA.
Hi, I'm Jerry.
It's a pleasure.
Beth, Jerry's back!
And another one!
Come on in.
Can I get you guys some coffee?
I'm a teagot myself.
Earl Grey, little milk.
Dad?
Oh my God.
Jerry?
Hi, family.
What the fuck is going on?
You walked out on us to dumpster dive across the multiverse?
You resented me.
The kids didn't respect me.
Rick hates me.
How long did it take before you even noticed I was gone?
Oh, we noticed, asshole.
Don't put that on us.
Yeah, maybe do something worthy of our respect.
Like, not disappearing?
Good point, Morty.
Oh, now Rick has thoughts on abandonment?
I just said good point.
I'm glad you left.
Coming here was a bad idea.
Hey, stop disappearing for once.
Mooch loves you guys.
You're all he talks about out there.
Morty, you love to eat bugs?
Sure do.
In summer, you hate showering.
Not as much anymore.
I've actually been working on it.
Oh, honey.
It's true.
I miss you guys so much.
I mean, after wandering around a bit, I did come back.
But Beth had met Paul and you all seemed so happy.
We are happy, but that doesn't mean we hate you.
I mean, we hate you a little bit.
Yeah, Paul's pretty cool.
I don't want to say we won the breakup, but...
Guys, don't pile on.
Jerry's trying to apologize.
No, I deserve it.
I thought you took me for granted, but it was the other way around.
Rick?
Here we go.
I promised Jerry I'd get him home.
Is there any way...
Address!
Oh.
Uh, huh.
Is it a number or like a lot of letters?
Uh-oh.
We say Parmesan weird like Parmesian.
Does your portal gun use keywords?
We could go door to door?
We'll not go door to door.
Hey, maybe we just get back on the road.
There's a shed by the high school.
We'll show you.
If these guys try to kill me in the shed, I will not hold back.
Fair is fair.
I'll be mean about it.
Mean deaths.
Can you blame me for leaving?
No, I get it.
It was really great to see you guys.
Thanks for taking care of them, Paul.
It's your family, Jerry.
I'm just living in it.
Bye, Jerry.
See you around.
Let's go.
The only way back to your reality is through Grand Central.
Those bandana juries will be on the lookout for us.
I know, but I've got an idea.
Leave my reality.
Oh.
Hey, guys.
Uh, hi, Jerry.
Loving the five o'clock shadow.
And I love your bandana.
They're onto us!
Run!
Stop them!
It's Mooch and that other guy!
They're bees!
Where am I going?
Couch, Rick's lost remote control nexus.
Dive, dive, dive!
Boss, we got a problem.
What the hell?
You fucked up now, Mooch.
You should have just stayed off the road.
Dammit.
He knows all the exits.
This is a dream.
This is some kind of weird hallucination.
I ate too many mushrooms.
Excuse me?
Back to the couch.
Oh, Mooch.
I would like to reach out my hand.
Oh, messiah, oh, messiah, tell you to run.
Oh, Mooch.
Nobody's save over the hump.
Well, pick me up with golden hand.
Oh, messiah, oh, messiah, tell you to run.
Oh, boy.
Nobody's save over the hump.
Well.
I would like to hold my hand.
Hey, you're not cool, man.
I'll never stop chasing you, Mooch.
The road is mine.
Shit.
This guy's persistent.
He probably really thrived, American Eagle.
I got an idea.
It's risky, but do you trust me?
Hey, I'm you, brother.
I'm so glad making the mouse big didn't kill it.
It eventually might.
It's like big dogs or Andre the Giant.
Stop, stop.
The mouse is going to be OK.
Yeah.
I was doubling back, sons of bitches.
Oh, oh, boss, you just missed it.
Those guys came by in a giant mouse.
You're fucking useless.
You know that?
Ow.
That cool jacket changed you, Jerry.
You're a mean guy now, and you pulled me out of my chair too much.
Hey.
Get the golf cart.
Ah.
There they are.
Quick, come on.
I'm going to kill you, Mooch, and then I'm going to fuck your wife.
Good luck.
She's married.
It's Jerry's like you that make me sick.
Why can't you just stay home?
I'm trying.
You guys suck.
You're weak.
Not like me.
I'm cool.
I'm nothing like you.
He's got a gun?
Ah.
Happy trails, bitch.
Think those other Jerry's will be OK?
Will we?
I think I maybe just killed a guy.
I can't think about it.
It's the one thing I've learned.
You can't think about it.
Ah.
Well, this is me.
Nice place you got here.
Thanks.
So, what are you going to do now?
You could hang out here for a bit.
I can always have Beth buy more cereal.
I've eaten on someone else's tab long enough.
Besides, maybe Boss Jerry's gone now and the road can open back up.
That's a good trip, Peekelman.
See you around, Moch.
What the hell?
Guys, I found him!
He was in the bedroom!
I thought I checked in here.
You guys were looking for me?
OK, good.
You found him.
Told you I didn't compost his ass.
God, keep him for everything.
We were so worried about you, Jerry.
You missed Morty mating with an octopus.
It'll probably happen again.
What were you even doing up here?
Oh, you know, just taking some me time.
Gross!
Well, I wasn't jerking off, if that's what you're implying.
What the fuck?
Who said that?
You just look grody.
Yeah, you need to get out more, Dad.
What the fuck was that?
Uh, nothing.
A guy like you might be good for you.
I think I saw a yak out there.
If I could capture it and keep it alive,
I should be able to drink its piss for two weeks,
probably even three.
Hey, Dad, have you seen the...
Oh, God! Jesus, come on, Dad!
What? It's the culture of the show!
You're supposed to watch it, naked!
It is the culture of the show, honey.
Guys, we all use those couches!
Mmm, you're so right about this guy.
Turn it up!
Did you get any of that?